One of the kids is already here, no
an advanced warfighter video and this
Once you have a confirmed low departure
on violin good I'll put with the
ball with silencer and charger has
expanded and streaky because the pen and the v
the guard birt the defense script me
it seems this time so let's see if
we can link the little bit on this map
green moment
game in this module that I usually spend
is what I throw myself back through the sheets
to sack and I usually send many
times because I do not look anymore or where they are
the enemies I will go crazy for the
veneer let's go
being here
behind look at it
let's run run
we caught is I have behind
you
also
or where it comes out
now let's go here
this does not go this or yes
you do not know
it does not come out so let's wait
the variable of telmo I have we are going to
have it and see if it's worth hits
Well, let's see if that's how we see ourselves
little bit better let's go
I still think someone
and another and another on the corner
come on come on we have the guards
you commit this is not normal that you
seen this less bad
It is worth
eat now I will catch up to the
rigorist not
kid
No wow
did not say ma pillajo of the talk
next that has taken me in a moment
my mother
for inside let's go let's go
it's not over I saw it but it seems
yes yes
or two
has killed my partner are all by
here I am reddish one
look and eye of the head d
of octopus are we going
ok i'm going to keep moving though
it seems that everyone looks around here so
let's fuck how he gets this is that with
silencer does not just lose the one of its
rifle this avenger
to see if they could be chapitas look uncle
that reach that has I can not I have not
able to catch that we will support this
to see surcharge
I do not know right now where they come from but I
It seems that around here 6 look around here
it does not come
I have seen but it does not come to see it above
it is far worth it worth me
there are 75 points left for him to see yes
if I can catch the plate is
we caught someone else around here has a
wind they're coming out of here
so let's see
very far not uncle
It happened has not happened but let him
it's worth but the p
let's see if I can bust the turret that
then so that it does not exist
let's go for now we're going to burst
this
busted and me
I'm going to bring you guards and cover a
little more it seems to come all for
here while you go
while looking
There is another and another does not fuck you 28-3 mother
mine come let's see if I can take out
another recipe like the one before that
been pretty cool
as you know here
I have everyone here is like how
we do but they come they come
to see that it did not come out okay there is another eye
I have everyone here I'm not going up
to see if someone from here
then given this entry
let's see why I have them for the
left
no fuck is that I can not go after something
also everywhere
the truth that goes super well in your
stage function that even connected the
silencer is flippant what kills
and now they take it from me let's give the
back around here better to see if I can
catch the most slowly not because it is
that I get to the mogollón
Y
You see, come on, come on, it looks like they're going to
come out here and from this part I do not
like
look uncle down the middle aisle
I still do not just leave sorry come
come on
and follow me
let's go
the one that seems to come around here for the
half if there are a few here
p
hydro
We're going over there
be here are here
it's so fast
You can go from far as it costs
OK
I'm going to recharge I've always gone
fast charger
many times after I was left without
ammunition that's why I do not have
a lot for the network to know if we can
secure a little
and he was not playing he had gone out there
or what was this man doing but good
to throw this to see that I do not get caught
look first where are we going to this the
my own
Red
you'll see because there's another one we're going to
bombs there are two more uncle can not be
my mother 47 6 come
there is almost no time left
and the other one that was shooting
he has not caught me is fine by here yes
look let's go let's go
should not wake the mother plates
mine what an incredible departure especially the
first hairline that started there butt
it's been pretty cool game 49 to
738 confirmed casualties should not
have caught as many but good as yes
that helps a lot to get the
streak and that after I was already
I was playing quite a lot and I already
killed there was having the streak and I
so they caught between 3 or 4 above in this
map which are the corridors so
pretty short you do not appear there by
all the corridors and they caught me then
every two times three but well I hope that
you liked it